the lower 80s with my time and warning
limited malcus shoppers that's a look at
traffic and weather on the floors yeah
all right to thank you very much men now
for the first time in 12 years body
boardings world title is back here where
it belongs and that's right here in
Hawaii this past weekend quays Jeff
Hubbard won the pipeline parole and
clinched the International bodyboarding
associations World Championship and
guess what the champ joins us now Jeff
congratulations to you buddy thanks
thing that's awesome that's awesome tell
us about the experience this weekend oh
it's just a dream come true basically I
mean surfing you know incredible pipe
the world titles on the line in perfect
conditions you know is about 8 to 10
feet just as good as it gets at pipeline
and just coming through and you know
getting the job done and putting all the
pressure side in winning the contest and
bringing home the world title back to
Hawaii is just an amazing experience you
know it's still living a little high a
little bit right now yeah it's kind of
amazing that the world tour has been
away from why for so long considering
you know the beaches that we have here
pipeline Sandy's Makapuu who I mean on
the west side you name it on kawaii and
why do you think it's been so long since
a local body boarders captured the world
fire that's a great question we got
incredibly talented riders here white
and so it's I'm you know don't think
it's a lack of town I think is just you
know the world tour would go around you
know Mike Stewart one in 95 pipeline and
then after that a world tour started in
so as you know it's hard for the hawaii
body where's to get you know get used to
the surfing in other conditions i think
that's what it was and so now you know
the world tours know focused in a lot of
really good heavy surf just like hawaii
so i'm surfing waves in chile that are
really heavy ledgy and barreling just
like hawaii same with australia
and got waves you know cuddle all over
where it's just you know perfect for
bodyboard so that's what it is nowadays
bodyboarders Hawaii could go to these
places and really perform and show the
world what we've got what a guy's
telling you to in that when well after
you won the world title after you bought
the title back home to Hawaii after more
than a decade of being away you know
what's the response you've been getting
oh it's just awesome everyone everyone
I've talked to is just so happy you know
I mean first thing on the on the beach
someone just you know the hand of you
the Hawaiian flag and so I was just
waving that proudly you just bring it
back yours is really cool really cool
experience and all my family and friends
and just you know I've gotten messages
emails text messages from everyone all
over just you know so much so much
praise and congratulations and real
quickly this is what you do for a living
this is your job right you get paid to
bodyboard i do that i actually get paid
a bodyboard i love it it is no best day
job I could ask for right on hey
congratulations on the world title thank
you so much of one of those trophies as
we are these trophies are really cool
man that is the world championship
trophy right here cool and oh that's the
pipeline trophy all right so I'm telling
it fell right here right on we're both
champ Jeff Hubbard from kawaii once
again congratulations you're watching
catch it before your Island television
news this morning whoo right now it's
622 this is awesome
I